en/guide/index.md, before:

Here is an English translation of the Rime configuration tutorial:

# Configuration Tutorial

Now, let's start configuring Oh-my-rime for Rime. Actually the configuration is quite simple. You just need to download and install Rime for your current system, then import Oh-my-rime and redeploy.

Of course, if you want to customize based on your preferences first, it may be a bit difficult for beginners. It is recommended to learn more with search engines and Rime official docs while following this document.

If you find this document or Oh-my-rime Pinyin useful, you can buy me a coffee:

- [Afdian: @Mintimate](https://afdian.net/a/mintimate)

> Please be sure to leave a note "Mint Pinyin" or "oh-my-rime". Donors of coffee ☕️ will be credited in the "Acknowledgements" (●'◡'●)ノ♥



## Recommended Tutorials

Here are some recommended tutorials to assist with advanced customization:

- [Rime Official Wiki Docs](https://github.com/rime/home/wiki)
- [Rime Schema Customization Guide](https://github.com/LEOYoon-Tsaw/Rime_collections/blob/master/Rime_description.md)
- [Wuqing Pinyin](https://dvel.me/posts/rime-ice/)

## Acknowledgements

At the same time, Oh-my-rime configuration is inseparable from the abundant tutorials online. Oh-my-rime references heavily from:

- rime-ice Pinyin: https://github.com/iDvel/rime-ice

Thank you to Afdian supporters:

- 『No data yet』

## Discussion Group

If you have QQ and want to explore and discuss Rime together:

- QQ Group: 703260572 (Reject ads, support casual chat~)

> Note: This is a discussion group, not a customer service group. It is also an open source project, so there is no after-sales or customer service relationship.

Commit message:

doc: First VIP To Donate (#2)

en/guide/index.md, after:

Here is an English translation of the Rime configuration tutorial:

# Configuration Tutorial

Now, let's start configuring Oh-my-rime for Rime. Actually the configuration is quite simple. You just need to download and install Rime for your current system, then import Oh-my-rime and redeploy.

Of course, if you want to customize based on your preferences first, it may be a bit difficult for beginners. It is recommended to learn more with search engines and Rime official docs while following this document.

If you find this document or Oh-my-rime Pinyin useful, you can buy me a coffee:

- [Afdian: @Mintimate](https://afdian.net/a/mintimate)

> Please be sure to leave a note "Mint Pinyin" or "oh-my-rime". Donors of coffee ☕️ will be credited in the "[Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)" (●'◡'●)ノ♥



## Recommended Tutorials

Here are some recommended tutorials to assist with advanced customization:

- [Rime Official Wiki Docs](https://github.com/rime/home/wiki)
- [Rime Schema Customization Guide](https://github.com/LEOYoon-Tsaw/Rime_collections/blob/master/Rime_description.md)
- [Wuqing Pinyin](https://dvel.me/posts/rime-ice/)

## Acknowledgements

At the same time, Oh-my-rime configuration is inseparable from the abundant tutorials online. Oh-my-rime references heavily from:

- rime-ice Pinyin: https://github.com/iDvel/rime-ice

Thank you to Afdian supporters:

| Date       | Platform | User                                                                 | Donate💵 | Comment            |
|------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------|
| 2024/01/22 | 爱发电      | [爱发电用户_8b769](https://afdian.net/u/8b769b02b8c111ee928952540025c377) | 50¥（KFC） | Hi, 感谢维护oh-my-rime |


## Discussion Group

If you have QQ and want to explore and discuss Rime together:

- QQ Group: 703260572 (Reject ads, support casual chat~)

> Note: This is a discussion group, not a customer service group. It is also an open source project, so there is no after-sales or customer service relationship.
